There was a proposed Amendment to the US Constitution in 1916 that would put all acts of war to a national vote, and anyone voting yes would have to register as a volunteer for service in the United States Army.
In 1961 two hydrogen bombs were accidentally dropped over North Carolina. A glitch prevented them from detonating.
Alaska is the most northern, eastern, and western state in the USA
A dog named Duke was the mayor of Cormorant, Minnesota for four consecutive terms before retiring at 91 in dog years.
If sound could travel through space, the noise that the sun would be the equivalent to a train horn from 1 meter away.
Australia exports sand to Saudi Arabia.
The longest boxing match went 110 rounds and over 7 hours.
There are more public libraries in the US than Starbucks or McDonalds.
People living in the southern hemisphere see the moon upside down compared to people living in the northern hemisphere.
In 1919, a wave a molasses rushed through the streets of Boston killing 21 people and injuring 150.
Camels store water their bloodstream, not their hump which is fatty tissue.
The couple in the painting "American Gothic" are actually father and daughter and not husband and wife.
There's a real music piece name 4′33″ that involves all the musicians just silently holding their instruments.
15% of all public corporations in the United States use a drab two-story office space in Delaware as their tax haven including half of all Fortune 500 companies.
Red, green, yellow, and orange bell peppers are all the same type of pepper with their color difference being caused by being at different stages of ripeness.
It's legal for anyone over 5 years old to drink alcohol in the UK.
A town in Pennsylvania has had an uncontrolled fire burning since 1962.
If a Lone Star Tick bites you, you may become allergic to red meat.
“Military Grade” is a marketing ploy. In the actual military, “military grade” is defined as “meeting the bare-minimum requirements of durability, while also costing the least.”
The national animal of Scotland is the unicorn.
Cows have best friends and they get stressed when they are separated.
90% of the world's population lives in the Northern Hemisphere.
Earth used to be purple.
Most of the visible stars you see in the night sky are binary stars - two stars orbiting each other.
There are at least 200 dead bodies on Mt Everest, some of which are used as climbing markers.
Cosmic Latte is the average color of the universe.
There are different sizes of infinity.
1 out of every 200 men is a direct descendant of Genghis Khan.
Kermit Roosevelt, Theodore Roosevelt’s grandson, overthrew Iran for the US government.